Problem analysis:

If the team members don't do their job the project timeline will not be achievable and the deadline will have to be pushed back.

If the technology related problems are persistent the deadline will have to be pushed back or the number of delivered features will go down.

If the communication with the client is limited and the development team doesn't get the required information in time the development will be delayed and/or the wrong features will be delivered.

If communication between the different teams fails this will result in the product not being completed/not meeting the requirements.





Project goals:

Achieve understanding of contract based development.

Being able to cooperate with different development teams.

Create a reservation system with at least the reservation capability and a simple admin panel.




Stakeholders:

The only stakeholders that we have are the product owner (teacher) and the developers (us). The contribution of the developers is what brings the product to life. The product owner is the one answering all the answers for the developers, he is also the one representing the hypothetical customers.




Risk analysis:

Unclear or no information from the client - The whole development process may be at risk if there is no communication between
developers and clients. This issue usually appears when the client is not certain in their desires or they lack concentration 
in the communication process. 

Building a solution which overextends the basic requirements - If the developers are too stuborn they may create a program
which provides a perfect solution but for a specific case. This may result in a product which is not fully developed in every 
area. 

The product may no satisfy the customers desires - if the client is uncertain in their requirements or the developers are not
being able to build the correct solution or anything in between then the final version of the program may be restricted and may
not satisfy the needs of the every day customer. The solution for this and everything upperly mentioned in communication.



* Overall description:
** Functional requirements:
** Non-functional requirements:
* Description of the domain (Model):
* Description of the required hardware incl. basic software (if any):
  

Project definition and recommendations:
Development path: We will work with UP
MTT: Java, OracleDB, SCRUM, Pair Programming.
QA: Unit test from the beginning of the development. Integration testing as soon as possible, Jenkins after we start deploying.
Further development: Unknown at this phase.
Incremental development approach: yes
Overall plan for the whole project life: MARTIN OR BOYKO WRITE SOME SHIT HERE
Detailed plan for the next step: Unknown at this phase.
Cost/benefit: free cause we're students and benefit is that we learn.
